add api.HTMLDetailsElement.name page (#35619)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldetailselement/name/index.md

---
title: "HTMLDetailsElement: name property"
short-title: name
slug: Web/API/HTMLDetailsElement/name
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLDetailsElement.name
---

{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

> The **`name`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLDetailsElement")}} interface enables multiple {{htmlelement("details")}} elements to be connected together, where only one for the `<details>` elements can be open at once. This allows developers to easily create UI features such as accordions without scripting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`name`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLDetailsElement")}} interface reflects the [`name`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/details#name) attribute of {{htmlelement("details")}} elements. It enables multiple `<details>` elements to be connected together, where only one for the `<details>` elements can be open at once. This allows developers to easily create UI features such as accordions without scripting.
```

> The name attribute specifies a group name — give multiple `<details>` elements the same name value to group them. Only one of the grouped `<details>` elements can be open at a time — opening one will cause another to close. If multiple grouped `<details>` elements are given the open attribute, only the first one in the source order will be rendered open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name attribute specifies a group name — give multiple `<details>` elements the same name value to group them. Only one of the grouped `<details>` elements can be open at a time — opening one will cause another to close. If multiple grouped `<details>` elements are given the `open` attribute, only the first one in the source order will be rendered open.
```

## Value

> A string which is used to group multiple `<details>` elements together. The value can be anything but can not be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string. The empty string if the element is not part of any group.
```
